NARRATOR:
Previously on Teen Wolf...
What's wrong? Get away.
Scott?
Derek! I need your help.
You want to know
if you'll hurt her.
But it's not gonna
come for free.
Don't think for a second I've given up
on finding out what your little secret is.
I think whatever
it is you are hiding.
you don't want her to
find out about it. either.
Think about me.
Naked.
I'm not big on group dates.
Next time. just the two of us.
You ruined my life!
I'm not the one that bit you.
(SCREAMING)
There's another.
It's called an Alpha.
He's the one that bit you.
You're part of his pack.
NEWSCASTER ON RADIO: In other
news. local authorities remain perplexed
by the animal attacks
plaguing Beacon Hills.
(SCOFFS)
(MY DARLING PLAYING)
♪ Don't you wanna fall asleep
♪ Forget about tomorrow
♪ Close your
eyes. but not to weep
(GROWLS)
♪ Forget about your sorrow ♪
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(GASPS)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(HORN HONKING)
(SIGHS)
Nice driving. Kate. Nice.
(LOUD CLANK)
(THUDDING)
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTING)
No.
(COCKS RIFLE)
Come on. Come on!
(GUNSHOT)
(HOWLING)
ALLISON: What's going on?
Your Aunt Kate just texted.
I'm heading out to pick her up.
It's 2:00 in the morning.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. yeah. She's just
having a little car trouble.
Not serious. is it?
No. just a flat tire. Go
back to bed. sweetheart.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(GROWLS)
(GROANING)
(VEHICLE REVS)
(COUGHS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Oh...
(GROANING)
Get in. Not even.
"Hello. nice to see you"?
All I've got at the moment is
"Please put the assault rifle
away before someone notices."
(SCOFFS) That's the brother I
love. Chris. there were two of them.
CHRIS: The Alpha?
KATE: I don't know. But
one of them tried to kill me.
CHRIS: One of them is
gonna lead us to the other.
He can't do that if he's dead.
I can't help kill either of them
if one of them kills me first.
How long will it take?
I'd give him 48 hours.
If that.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(GROANING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Whoo!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
I don't see you for a year. and you
turn into a freaking runway model?
Look at you. Oh! I hate you.
I haven't even showered yet.
Sweetie. you're a
knockout. In fact.
I hope you have the boys knocking
each other's teeth out for your attention.
I kind of have one.
You kind of have one?
You should kind
of have a million.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Do you need some help
unpacking? No. not that one.
Oh.
See. you turn out beautiful. and I
end up with this kung fu death grip.
Sorry. sweetie. I didn't
mean to be so rough.
No worries.
Hey. is everything
okay with your car?
Uh. yeah.
I just needed a
jump-start. That's all.
A jump-start?
If Derek isn't the Alpha. if he's not
the one who bit you. then who did?
I don't know.
Did the Alpha
kill the bus driver?
I don't know.
(SIGHS)
Does Allison's dad know
about the... I don't know!
Jeez.
(SIGHS)
Dude. you need to study more.
That was a joke. Scott. it's one
test. You're gonna make it up.
Do you want help studying?
(SIGHS) No.
I'm studying with
Allison after school today.
That's my boy.
We're just studying.
Uh-uh. No. you're not. I'm not?
Not if I'm forced to live
vicariously through you.
If you go to her house today and
squander that colossal opportunity.
I swear to God I'll have
you de-balled. Okay.
Just stop with the
questions. man.
Done. No more questions.
No more talk about
the Alpha or Derek.
Especially Derek.
who still scares me.
Where's Scott McCall?
Why should I tell you?
Because I asked you politely.
And I only do that once.
Hmm. Okay. tough guy.
How about I help you find him if
you tell me what you're selling him?
What is it? Is it Dianabol?
Hmm?
HGH? Steroids?
No. Girl Scout Cookies.
What the hell do you
think I'm talking about?
By the way. whatever
it is you're selling.
I'd probably stop
sampling the merchandise.
You look wrecked.
I'll find him myself.
No. we're not done here.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CHALK WRITING ON CHALKBOARD)
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
MAN: I finish lacrosse practice
at 5:00. I'll be over after that.
(CLICKING)
Scott's coming over. tonight?
We're just studying together.
LYDIA: Just studying
never ends with just studying.
It's like getting
into a hot tub.
Somebody eventually cops a feel.
So. what are you saying?
I'm just saying. you know.
make sure he covers up.
(CHUCKLES)
Hello. Snow White. I'm
talking about a condom.
(CHUCKLES) Are you
kidding? After one date?
Don't be a total prude.
Give him a little taste.
Well. I mean. how
much is a little taste?
LYDIA: Oh. God. You
really like him. don't you?
ALLISON: Well.
he's just different.
When I first moved here I had
a plan. no boyfriends till college.
I just move too much. But then
I met him. and he was different.
I don't know. I
can't explain it.
I can. It's your brain flooding
with phenylethylamine.
(LAUGHS) What?
I'll tell you what to do.
When's he coming over?
Right after school. Hmm.
(BELL RINGING)
(ROCK MUSIC)
(TIRES SCREECH)
Oh. my God.
(HORN HONKING)
No. no. no. no. Not here.
You gotta be kidding me.
This guy's everywhere.
(HORNS HONKING)
What the hell? What
are you doing here?
I was shot.
He's not looking so good. dude.
Why aren't you healing?
I can't.
It was a different kind
of bullet. A silver bullet?
No. you idiot.
Wait. That' what she meant
when she said you had 48 hours.
What? Who said 48 hours?
The one who shot you.
(GROANING)
(HORNS HONKING)
What are you doing? Stop that.
That's what I'm trying
to tell you. I can't.
Derek. get up.
(HORNS HONKING)
Help me put him in your car.
I need you to find out what
kind of bullet they used.
How the hell am I
supposed to do that?
She's an Argent.
She's with them.
Why should I help you?
Because you need me.
Fine. I'll try.
(SIGHS) Hey. get
him out of here.
I hate you for this so much.
Hey. what was he doing here?
Stiles was just
giving him a ride.
Uh. long story.
I thought you said you
weren't friends with him.
No. Not really. Um. we're
still studying together. right?
So I'll meet you back
at your place? Yeah.
Okay. bye. See you there.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(ENERGETIC MUSIC)
(BICYCLE TIRES SCREECH)
How did you... You got
here the same time I did.
Oh. yeah. I just took a
shortcut. A really short shortcut.
What is going on with you today?
You are acting all kinds of bizarre.
(SIGHS)
I'm just stressing
about classes.
I'm not doing as good this year.
Not doing as well.
See? Exactly.
Maybe we should
start with English?
(LAUGHS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
Don't worry. Nobody's gonna
be home for hours. Come on.
Okay.
(UPBEAT MUSIC)
I'm still unpacking.
Uh. haven't you been
here for. like. over a month?
I'm taking my time.
Hey. um...
So I figured that
we'd start with history.
(UPBEAT ELECTRONIC MUSIC)
What's wrong?
Um... Nothing. I just...
I don't wanna make you feel
like you have to do something
you don't wanna do.
I'm not doing anything I
don't want to do. Are you?
You're seriously
asking me that question?
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Are you going to answer that?
Yeah. it's probably just Stiles.
It'll go to voicemail.
Eventually.
(RINGING CONTINUES)
Wait!
Um...
Uh. yeah. I should
answer it now.
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO)
Come on. Try not to bleed
out on my seats. okay?
We're almost there.
Almost where?
(SIGHS) Your house.
What? No. you
can't take me there.
I can't take you to
your own house?
Not when I can't protect myself.
What happens if Scott doesn't
find your little magic bullet? Hmm?
Are you dying? Not
yet. I have a last resort.
What do you mean?
What last resort?
Oh. my God! What is that?
Oh. is that contagious? You know
what. you should probably just get out.
Start the car. Now.
I don't think you should be
barking orders with the way you look.
In fact. I think if I wanted to.
I could probably drag
your little werewolf ass
out into the middle of the
road and leave you for dead.
Start the car. or I'm gonna rip
your throat out with my teeth.
(ENGINE STARTS)
(INDIE ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
It's off. Sorry about that.
Who's this?
That's my dad's sister. Kate.
Except she's more like my
sister. She got here last night.
Uh. last night?
Yep. she had some car trouble.
I guess.
She looks familiar.
Mmm. She actually used to live in
Beacon Hills. Maybe you saw her once.
Did you take these?
Back when I thought
I was a photographer.
They're good. No. They're not.
I stopped when I
realized I was terrible at it.
Framing's off. bad lighting.
Believe me. Not good.
That was when I thought I was
into painting. Uh. terrible. too.
That's when I tried poetry.
"Terrible" doesn't even
come close to describing that.
What are you good at?
I'm gonna show you if
you promise not to laugh.
I was nationally
ranked as a kid.
And my dad really
wanted me to go on.
but I don't know.
I didn't like it.
Promise you won't laugh?
I promise. What
the hell is that?
It's a compound bow.
And I'm pretty sure it
requires an arrow to be harmful.
So that's what you're
good at. Archery.
You said you wouldn't laugh.
(CHUCKLES) Trust
me. I'm not laughing.
So. I guess I should explain.
We're not some sort of
separatist. gun nut family.
My dad sells firearms
to the law enforcement.
Oh. that's good.
So you planning on
joining the family business?
I don't know. You tell me.
Would I look hot with a gun?
Hotter without.
(DOOR OPENS)
(GASPS)
KATE: Hey Chris. get your ass out of
the '50s and come help with the groceries.
CHRIS: Be right there.
You two mind helping?
Sure. No problem.
Great.
(SIGHS)
Thank you. (PHONE CHIMES)
Do you still wanna study?
She'll concentrate
better on her own.
Um...
Guess I'll see you later then?
CHRIS: At school.
(INAUDIBLE)
You. on your bike. You. inside.
Oh. come on. Chris. really?
They were making out in the
garage. not shooting amateur porn.
You. with the adorable
brown eyes. drop your bike.
You're staying for dinner.
You eat meat?
You don't mind?
Actually. no. Gives us a
chance to get to know each other.
(HEART BEATING LOUDLY)
(DISHES CLANKING)
Would you like something else
to drink besides water. Scott?
Oh... No. I'm good. Thanks.
We can get you some beer?
No. thanks. Shot of tequila?
Dad. really?
You don't drink. Scott?
I'm not old enough to.
That doesn't seem to
stop many teenagers.
No. but it should.
Good answer. A total lie.
but well played. Scott.
You may yet survive the night.
You ever smoke pot?
Changing the channel to
something a little less conservative.
So. Scott. Allison tells us
you're on the lacrosse team.
I'm sorry. I don't know anything
about that. How do you play?
Um. well. you know
hockey? Mmm-hmm.
It's a lot like that. only
played on grass instead of ice.
Hockey on grass is
called field hockey.
Oh. yeah.
So it's like field hockey.
except the sticks have nets.
Exactly. (PHONE CHIMES)
KATE: And can you
slap check like hockey?
Um...
Yeah. But it's only the
gloves and the sticks.
Sounds violent. I like it.
Scott's amazing. too.
Dad came with me to the
first game. Wasn't he good?
He was fine.
He scored the last
shot. the winning shot.
True. But he didn't score at
all until the last few minutes.
His last shot ripped a hole through
the goalie's net. It was incredible!
Well. I think the goalie was probably
playing with a defective stick. so...
(BANGS)
(CLANKING)
(HEART BEATING LOUDLY)
You know. on second thought. I
think I'll take that shot of tequila.
(LAUGHING)
You were kidding. right? Yeah.
What am I supposed
to do with him?
Take him somewhere. Anywhere!
(SIGHS) And by the
way. he's starting to smell.
Like what? Like death.
Okay. Take him
to the animal clinic.
What about your boss?
He's gone by now.
There's a spare key in the
box behind the dumpster.
(SIGHS)
You're not gonna believe
where he's telling me to take you.
Did you find it?
How am I supposed
to find one bullet?
They have a million!
This house is like the
freaking Walmart of guns!
If you don't find it.
then I'm dead. all right?
I'm starting to think that
wouldn't be such a bad thing.
Then think about this. The Alpha
called you out against your will.
He's gonna do it again.
Next time. you either kill
with him or you get killed.
So if want to stay alive. then
you need me. Find the bullet.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(ALARM BLARES)
(KATE CLEARS THROAT)
(ALARM STOPS)
You look like a
little lost puppy.
Um...
I'm just looking
for the bathroom.
Bathroom? Does that
look like a bathroom?
No.
No. Use the guest bedroom.
Okay. Thanks.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(PHONE BEEPS)
(DOGS BARKING)
Does Nordic blue monkshood
mean anything to you?
It's a rare form of wolfsbane.
He has to bring me the bullet.
Why?
Because I'm
gonna die without it.
Hey. I should get going.
Um. thanks for dinner.
Oh. no. You have
to stay for dessert.
I want to know more
about you. Sit down.
Okay.
Allison was just telling us
that you work for a veterinarian.
I told them how you put
the cast on the dog I hit.
(PHONE CHIMES)
What does your boss think of
the animal attacks? Any theories?
Everyone's just saying
it's a mountain lion.
(KATE LAUGHS)
Have to be a pretty
large mountain lion.
What do you think.
Scott? I don't know.
We usually get cats and dogs
at the vet. Nothing that vicious.
Never had to deal
with a rabid dog?
Oh. I grew up
with a lot of dogs.
I saw one get rabies from a bat.
It was transferred
through the bite.
People think that a rabid
dog suddenly goes mad.
It's a lot more gradual.
First stage is subtle changes in
behavior. They're restless. morose.
It's the second stage that
people know. The furious phase.
That's when they attack. And
we're talking any moving object.
Did you know that a
caged. rabid dog will
break its own teeth trying
to chew through the bars?
It'll even rear back
and snap its own spine.
Can you imagine the amount
of force it would take to do that?
It's a complete
character reversal.
This harmless animal turned
into a perfectly vicious killer.
And it all started
with that one bite.
But it died. didn't it?
Yes. because your
grandfather shot it.
Because he wanted
to put it out of its misery.
CHRIS: Because it
was too dangerous.
Something that out of
control is better off dead.
Okay.
(LIGHTS BUZZING)
(DEREK BREATHING HEAVILY)
You know. that
really doesn't look like
anything some echinacea and a
good night's sleep couldn't take care of.
When the infection
reaches my heart. it'll kill me.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Positivity just isn't in
your vocabulary. is it?
If he doesn't get here with
the bullet in time. last resort...
Which is?
You're going to cut off my arm.
I'm so incredibly sorry.
For what?
For that being the worst. most
horribly awkward dinner ever
in the history of horribly
awkward dinners.
No. it wasn't the worst.
There was this one dinner
where my parents told me
they were getting a divorce.
This comes in a close second.
Your dad's watching. Good.
Wait a second. guys.
What is it?
Uh. I have to ask
Scott something. Me?
Yeah. you.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Okay.
Uh... (CHUCKLES)
What did you take from my bag?
What? My bag.
What did you take from it?
You need me to
repeat the question?
Maybe enunciate more clearly?
What are you talking about?
My bag was open in the guest
room. and when I left. it was shut.
And Scott comes in to use the
bathroom. He leaves. my bag's open.
He didn't take anything.
Something was taken from my bag.
Now look. I hate to be
the accuser here. Scott.
because I really do love
those adorable brown eyes.
But I don't know if you're
a klepto. if you're curious.
(LAUGHING) or if you're just
stupid. but answer the question.
What did you take?
Nothing. I swear.
You don't mind
proving it. do you?
Are you serious?
How about you show
us what's in your pocket?
Dad?
Come on. Scott. Prove me wrong.
I'll prove you wrong.
Uh. it wasn't Scott going
through your bags. It was me.
You? Mmm-hmm. Me.
(UPBEAT POP-ROCK MUSIC)
♪ This way is ours
You can do it. do it
♪ Won't be too hard Do it. do it
♪ You can find a way
♪ You can find a way ♪
Oh. my God! What
if you bleed to death?
It'll heal if it works.
Ugh!
Look. I don't know
if I can do this.
Why not?
Well. because of the
cutting through the flesh.
the sawing of the bone.
and especially the blood!
You faint at the sight of blood?
No. But I might at the
sight of a chopped-off arm!
(SIGHS)
All right. fine. How about this?
Either you cut off my arm.
or I'm gonna cut off your head.
Okay. you know. I'm so not
buying your threats anymore.
Oh. my God! Okay. All right. bought.
sold. totally. I'll do it. I'll do it.
What are you doing?
(VOMITS)
Holy God! What the hell is that?
It's my body. it is
trying to heal itself.
Well. it's not doing
a very good job of it.
Now. you gotta do it now.
Look. honestly. I don't
think I can. Just do it!
Oh. my God. Okay. Oh.
my God. All right. here we go!
SCOTT: Stiles? Scott?
(PANTING)
What the hell are you doing?
(CHUCKLES)
(THUDS)
Oh. you just prevented
a lifetime of nightmares.
Did you get it?
What are you gonna do with it?
I'm gonna...
(CLANKING) No.
don't. No. no. no!
(GRUMBLING)
Derek? Derek. come on. Wake up!
Scott. what the hell are
we gonna do? I don't know!
I can't reach it.
He's not waking up!
(SIGHS)
I think he's dying.
I think he's dead.
Just hold on!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Come on.
Oh!
I got it! I got it!
Please don't kill me
for this! Ugh! Ow! God!
Give me that.
Up. God.
(GRUNTING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(LIGHTER CLICKS)
Ugh!
(SCREAMS)
(GROANING)
(SCREAMING)
That was awesome! Yes!
Are you okay?
Except for the agonizing pain?
I'm guessing the ability to use
sarcasm is a good sign of health.
Okay. we saved your life. which
means you're gonna leave us alone.
You got that?
And if you don't. I'm gonna
go back to Allison's dad.
and I'm gonna
tell him everything.
You gonna trust them?
You think they can help you?
Why not? They're a lot
freaking nicer than you are!
Yeah. I can show you
exactly how nice they are.
What do you mean?
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
What are we doing here?
Who is he?
My uncle. Peter Hale.
Is he like you? A werewolf?
He was. Now he's
barely even human.
Six years ago. my sister
and I were at school.
Our house caught fire.
Eleven people
were trapped inside.
He was the only survivor.
So what makes you so
sure that they set the fire?
'Cause they're the only
ones that knew about us.
Then they had a reason.
Like what?
You tell me what justifies this.
They say they'll only kill an
adult and only with absolute proof.
But there were people in my family
that were perfectly ordinary in that fire.
This is what they do.
And it's what Allison will do.
What are you doing?
How did you get in here?
We were just leaving.
Hey. um...
I just thought maybe I could catch
you before I went to sleep. but...
I wanted to say
sorry again for tonight.
So call me.
The one that attacked me
was big. It had width and power.
But the one I shot
was lean and fast.
Well. that would be Derek Hale.
Are we sure?
Mostly.
How do we know
it's just two of them?
We don't yet.
But if Derek's still alive.
he will lead us to the Alpha.
Take the pack leader.
Then take the pack.
And we do it
according to the code.
You and the code.
It's there for a reason. Kate.
Of course.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
I always play by the rules.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm